I remember you have a nephew who just got out of prison
Call him over
Introduce warmth to him
I think they are a good fit.
Madam I see
I'll arrange it.
OK
Oh.
madam
Warm doesn't already have a boyfriend
Looks like a doctor
Does it match to warm him?
Put on this dress and come with me
Hurry up so late
I don't wear it anymore
You'll know what you want to do
What do you want to do?
Wait for the lady to come and urge your mother
What did you ask me to do here?
The blind date arranged by the lady for you
The other party is also pretty good
You'll know when someone arrives.
You don't know what's good or bad
Blind date Zhang Lihua, what do you mean?
I have a boyfriend who doesn't need a blind date
I don't know what's good
The lady said if you go
Your mother's medication stopped you